{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red144\green1\blue18;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c63922\c8235\c8235;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SYS_BASE = \cf3 """You are an assistant to classify if a tweet is a political tweet or not. List the word or words contributing to this classification decision the most. The following are some examples\cf2 \
\
\cf3 Examples:\cf2 \
\cf3 Tweet: "RT @XXXXX: "Sustainability will be the new Digital" - great insights from the #DavosAgenda by @XXXXX. <URL>"\cf2 \
\cf3 Answer: "1"\cf2 \
\cf3 Explanation: "Sustainability".\cf2 \
\
\cf3 Tweet: "What is #mobile testing? It's that #korona'tests are taken to the testing site. And this is how it works in practice outside of @XXXXX\'92s construction site. Fast and preventative. #koronafi <URL>using @XXXXX\'94\cf2 \
\cf3 Answer: "0"\cf2 \
\cf3 Explanation: "testing", "is", "Fast".\cf2 \
\
\
\cf3 Tweet: "Positive case.@XXXXX. There are no lights to be turned off here, companies will invest if the operating environment ml tax and predictability is in order, the permits will work. Open dialogue with decision-makers is important. <URL>"\cf2 \
\cf3 Answer: "1"\cf2 \
\cf3 Explanation: "dialogue", "decision-makers", "environment".\cf2 \
\
\cf3 Tweet: "The Finnish forest stands are in record numbers, over 2.5 billion cubic metres! This is the result of good forest management. #carbon sink #VMI100 @XXXXX\'94\cf2 \
\cf3 Answer: "1"\cf2 \
\cf3 Explanation: "#carbon".\cf2 \
\
\cf3 Tweet: \'93@XXXXX and @XXXXX cooperation aims to import a new, domestic and responsibly produced protein into Finnish food tables during 2025. #innovations #circular economy <URL>"\cf2 \
\cf3 Answer: "1"\cf2 \
\cf3 Explanation: "responsibly", "food".\cf2 \
\
\cf3 Tweet: "Wood grows its popularity in yard and terrace construction. XXXXX Fibre\'92s industrial saturator customers are therefore in demand for a strong, dense and durable #Sleeping wood: <URL>"\cf2 \
\cf3 Answer: "0"\cf2 \
\cf3 Explanation: "customers", "wood", "dense".\cf2 \
\
\cf3 Tweet: "@Current It\'92s just like this. You can conveniently put a note on your forehead."\cf2 \
\cf3 Answer: "0"\cf2 \
\cf3 Explanation: "@Current", "can".\cf2 \
\
\cf3 Tweet: "Refurbished medical equipment benefits the environment by reducing waste and is also a budget-friendly option for hospitals. When the pandemic caused supply shortages, @XXXXX\'92s own refurbishment program, GoldSeal, had to get creative. #EarthDay #EarthDay2021."\cf2 \
\cf3 Answer: "1"\cf2 \
\cf3 Explanation: "waste", "benefits", "the", "reducing".\cf2 \
\
\cf3 Tweet: "RT @XXXXX: #XXXXX XXXXX #financial statements release 1.1.-31.12.2020 <URL>."\cf2 \
\cf3 Answer: "0"\cf2 \
\cf3 Explanation: "Oyj", \'93#XXXXX\'94, "RT".\cf2 \
\
\cf3 Tweet: \'93@XXXXX has granted XXXXX the key ticket access. "We wanted to further emphasize homeness at company level by applying for our own Key ticket access", says XXXXX XXXXX, Managing Director of XXXXX. Read more: <URL>#Key ticket <URL>."\cf2 \
\cf3 Answer: "0"\cf2 \
\cf3 Explanation: "Key", "homeness", "Read".\cf2 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\cf3 """\cf2 \
\
USER_INSTRUCTION = \cf3 """\cf2 \
\cf3     Determine if the following tweet is a political tweet or not. List the word or words contributing to this classification decision the most.\cf2 \
\cf3     Tweet: \{tweet\}\cf2 \
\
\cf3     Return '1' if the tweet is a political tweet, otherwise return '0'. \cf2 \
\cf3     Also, return the word or words contributing to this classification decision the most.\cf2 \
\cf3 """\cf2 \
\
USER_FORMAT = \cf3 """\cf2 \
\cf3     Return JSON format as the following:\cf2 \
\cf3     ```json\cf2 \
\cf3     \{\{\cf2 \
\cf3         'political_classification': '1/0',\cf2 \
\cf3         'word_or_words_contributing_the_most': 'one word or more than one words contributing to this classification decision the most'\cf2 \
\cf3     \}\}\cf2 \
\cf3      ```\cf2 \
\cf3     """\cf2 \
}